Add Kubernetes --wait and --timeout flags to the CLI documentation (#1314)
dapr/docs: daprdocs/content/en/operations/hosting/kubernetes/kubernetes-deploy.md

dapr init -k --enable-mtls=false
```

> ### Wait for the installation to complete (default timeout is 300s/5m)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Wait for the installation to complete

 You can wait for the installation to complete its deployment with the `--wait` flag. 
 
 The default timeout is 300s (5 min), but can be customized with the `--timeout` flag.
```
